
AWS Berock FAQ

General

What is Amazon Bedrock?
Amazon Bedrock is a fully managed service that offers a choice of industry leading foundation models (FMs) along with a broad set of capabilities that you need to build generative AI applications, simplifying development with security, privacy, and responsible AI. With the comprehensive capabilities of Amazon Bedrock, you can experiment with a variety of top FMs, customize them privately with your data using techniques such as fine-tuning and retrieval-augmented generation (RAG), and create managed agents that execute complex business tasks—from booking travel and processing insurance claims to creating ad campaigns and managing inventory—all without writing any code. Since Amazon Bedrock is serverless, you don't have to manage any infrastructure, and you can securely integrate and deploy generative AI capabilities into your applications using the AWS services you are already familiar with.

Which FMs are available on Amazon Bedrock? 
Amazon Bedrock customers can choose from some of the most cutting-edge FMs available today. This includes language and embeddings models from:

AI21 Labs: Jurassic – 2 Ultra, Jurassic – 2 Mid
Anthropic: Claude 3 Opus, Claude 3 Sonnet, Claude 3 Haiku
Cohere: Command R, Command R+, Embed
Meta: Llama 3 8B, Llama 3 70B
Mistral AI: Mistral 8X7B Instruct, Mistral 7B Instruct, Mistral Large, Mistral Small
Stability AI: Stable Diffusion XL 1.0
Amazon Titan: Amazon Titan Text Premier, Amazon Titan Text Express, Amazon Titan Text Lite, Amazon Titan Text Embeddings, Amazon Titan Text Embeddings V2, Amazon Titan Multimodal Embeddings, Amazon Titan Image Generator
Why should I use Amazon Bedrock?
There are five reasons to use Amazon Bedrock for building generative AI applications.

Choice of leading FMs: Amazon Bedrock offers an easy-to-use developer experience to work with a broad range of high-performing FMs from Amazon and leading AI companies like AI21 Labs, Anthropic, Cohere, Meta, Mistral AI, and Stability AI. You can quickly experiment with a variety of FMs in the playground, and use a single API for inference regardless of the models you choose, giving you the flexibility to use FMs from different providers and keep up to date with the latest model versions with minimal code changes.
Easy model customization with your data: Privately customize FMs with your own data through a visual interface without writing any code. Simply select the training and validation data sets stored in Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) and, if required, adjust the hyperparameters to achieve the best possible model performance.
Fully managed agents that can invoke APIs dynamically to execute tasks: Build agents that execute complex business tasks—from booking travel and processing insurance claims to creating ad campaigns, preparing tax filings, and managing your inventory—by dynamically calling your company systems and APIs. Fully managed agents for Amazon Bedrock extend the reasoning capabilities of FMs to break down tasks, create an orchestration plan, and execute it.
Native support for RAG to extend the power of FMs with proprietary data: With Amazon Bedrock Knowledge Bases, you can securely connect FMs to your data sources for retrieval augmentation—from within the managed service—extending the FM’s already powerful capabilities and making it more knowledgeable about your specific domain and organization.
Data security and compliance certifications: Amazon Bedrock offers several capabilities to support security and privacy requirements. Amazon Bedrock is in scope for common compliance standards such as Service and Organization Control (SOC), International Organization for Standardization (ISO), is Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) eligible, and customers can use Amazon Bedrock in compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Amazon Bedrock is CSA Security Trust Assurance and Risk (STAR) Level 2 certified, which validates the use of best practices and the security posture of AWS cloud offerings. With Amazon Bedrock, your content is not used to improve the base models and is not shared with any model providers. Your data in Amazon Bedrock is always encrypted in transit and at rest, and you can optionally encrypt the data using your own keys. You can use AWS PrivateLink with Amazon Bedrock to establish private connectivity between your FMs and your Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC) without exposing your traffic to the Internet.
How can I get started with Amazon Bedrock?
With the serverless experience of Amazon Bedrock, you can quickly get started. Navigate to Amazon Bedrock in the AWS Management Console and try out the FMs in the playground. You can also create an agent and test it in the console. Once you’ve identified your use case, you can easily integrate the FMs into your applications using AWS tools without having to manage any infrastructure.
Link to Amazon Bedrock getting started course
Link to Amazon Bedrock user guide

What are the most common use cases for Amazon Bedrock?
You can quickly get started with use cases:

Create new pieces of original content, such as short stories, essays, social media posts, and web page copy.
Search, find, and synthesize information to answer questions from a large corpus of data.
Create realistic and artistic images of various subjects, environments, and scenes from language prompts.
Help customers find what they’re looking for with more relevant and contextual product recommendations than word matching.
Get a summary of textual content such as articles, blog posts, books, and documents to get the gist without having to read the full content.
Suggest products that match shopper preferences and past purchases
Explore more generative AI use cases.

What is Amazon Bedrock Playground?
Amazon Bedrock offers a playground that allows you to experiment with various FMs using a conversational chat interface. You can provide a prompt and use a web interface inside the console to supply a prompt and use the pretrained models to generate text or images, or alternatively use a fine-tuned model that has been adapted for your use case.

In which AWS Regions is Amazon Bedrock available?
For a list of AWS Regions where Amazon Bedrock is available, see Amazon Bedrock endpoints and quotas in the Amazon Bedrock Reference Guide.

How do I customize a model on Amazon Bedrock?
You can easily fine-tune FMs on Amazon Bedrock using tagged data or by using continued pre-train feature to customize the model using non-tagged data. To get started, provide the training and validation dataset, configure hyperparameters (epochs, batch size, learning rate, warmup steps) and submit the job. Within a couple of hours, your fine-tuned model can be accessed with the same API (InvokeModel).

Can I train a model and deploy it on Amazon Bedrock?
Yes, you can train select publicly available models and import them into the Amazon Bedrock using the Custom Model Import feature. Currently, this feature only supports Llama 2/3, Mistral, and Flan architectures. For additional information, please refer the documentation.

Agents

What are Amazon Bedrock Agents?
Amazon Bedrock Agents are fully managed capabilities that make it easier for developers to create generative AI–based applications that can complete complex tasks for a wide range of use cases and deliver up-to-date answers based on proprietary knowledge sources. In just a few short steps, Amazon Bedrock Agents automatically break down tasks and create an orchestration plan–without any manual coding. The agent securely connects to company data through an API, automatically converting data into a machine-readable format, and augmenting the request with relevant information to generate the most accurate response. Agents can then automatically call APIs to fulfill a user’s request. For example, a manufacturing company might want to develop a generative AI application that automates tracking inventory levels, sales data, supply chain information and that can recommend optimal reorder points and quantities to maximize efficiency. As fully managed capabilities, Amazon Bedrock Agents remove the undifferentiated lifting of managing system integration and infrastructure provisioning, allowing developers to use generative AI to its full extent throughout their organization.

How can I connect FMs to my company data sources?
You can securely connect FMs to your company data sources using Amazon Bedrock Agents. With a knowledge base, you can use agents to give FMs in Amazon Bedrock access to additional data that helps the model generate more relevant, context-specific, and accurate responses without continually retraining the FM. Based on user input, agents identify the appropriate knowledge base, retrieve the relevant information, and add the information to the input prompt, giving the model more context information to generate a completion.

What are some use cases for Amazon Bedrock Agents?
Amazon Bedrock Agents can help you increase productivity, improve your customer service experience, and automate workflows (such as processing insurance claims).

How do Amazon Bedrock Agents help improve developer productivity?
With agents, developers have seamless support for monitoring, encryption, user permissions, versioning, and API invocation management without writing custom code. Amazon Bedrock Agents automate the prompt engineering and orchestration of user-requested tasks. Developers can use the agent-created prompt template as a baseline to further refine it for an enhanced user experience. They can update the user input, orchestration plan, and the FM response. With access to the prompt template developers have better control over the Agent orchestration.

With fully managed agents, you don’t have to worry about provisioning or managing infrastructure and can take applications to production faster.

Security

Is the content processed by Amazon Bedrock moved outside the AWS Region where I am using Amazon Bedrock?
Any customer content processed by Amazon Bedrock is encrypted and stored at rest in the AWS Region where you are using Amazon Bedrock.

Are user inputs and model outputs made available to third-party model providers?
No. Users' inputs and model outputs are not shared with any model providers.

What security and compliance standards does Amazon Bedrock support?
Amazon Bedrock offers several capabilities to support security and privacy requirements. Amazon Bedrock is in scope for common compliance standards such as Fedramp Moderate, Service and Organization Control (SOC), International Organization for Standardization (ISO), Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) eligibility, and customers can use Bedrock in compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Amazon Bedrock is included in the scope of the SOC 1, 2, 3 reports, allowing customers to gain insights into our security controls. We demonstrate compliance through extensive third-party audits of our AWS controls. Amazon Bedrock is one of the AWS services under ISO Compliance for the ISO 9001, ISO 27001, ISO 27017, ISO 27018, ISO 27701, ISO 22301, and ISO 20000 standards. Amazon Bedrock is CSA Security Trust Assurance and Risk (STAR) Level 2 certified, which validates the use of best practices and the security posture of AWS cloud offerings. With Amazon Bedrock, your content is not used to improve the base models and is not shared with any model providers. You can use AWS PrivateLink to establish private connectivity from Amazon VPC to Amazon Bedrock, without having to expose your data to internet traffic.

 

Will AWS and third-party model providers use customer inputs to or outputs from Amazon Bedrock to train Amazon Titan or any third-party models?
No, AWS and the third-party model providers will not use any inputs to or outputs from Amazon Bedrock to train Amazon Titan or any third-party models.

SDK

What SDKs are supported for Amazon Bedrock?
Amazon Bedrock supports SDKs for runtime services. iOS and Android SDKs, as well as Java, JS, Python, CLI, .Net, Ruby, PHP, Go, and C++, support both text and speech input.

What SDKs support streaming functionality?
Streaming is supported on all the SDKs.

Billing and support

How much does Amazon Bedrock cost?
Please see the Amazon Bedrock pricing page for current pricing information.

What support is provided for Amazon Bedrock?
Depending on your AWS Support contract, Amazon Bedrock is supported under Developer Support, Business Support and Enterprise Support plans.

How can I track the input and output tokens?
You can use CloudWatch metrics to track the inputs and output token.

Customization

How can I securely use my data to customize FMs available through Amazon Bedrock?
With Amazon Bedrock, you can privately customize FMs, retaining control over how your data is used and encrypted. Amazon Bedrock makes a separate copy of the base FM and trains this private copy of the model. Your data including prompts, information used to supplement a prompt, and FM responses. Customized FMs remain in the Region where the API call is processed.

How does Amazon Bedrock ensure my data used in fine-tuning remains private and confidential?
When you’re fine-tuning a model, your data is never exposed to the public internet, never leaves the AWS network, is securely transferred through your VPC, and is encrypted in transit and at rest. Amazon Bedrock also enforces the same AWS access controls that you have with any of our other services.

Does Amazon Bedrock support continued pretraining?
We launched continued pretraining for Amazon Titan Text Express and Amazon Titan models on Amazon Bedrock. Continued pretraining allows you to continue the pretraining on an Amazon Titan base model using large amounts of unlabeled data. This type of training will adapt the model from a general domain corpus to a more specific domain corpus such as medical, law, finance, and so on, while still preserving most of the capabilities of the Amazon Titan base model. 

Why should I use continued pretraining in Amazon Bedrock?
Enterprises may want to build models for tasks in a specific domain. The base models may not be trained on the technical jargon used in that specific domain. Thus, directly fine-tuning the base model requires large amounts of labeled training records and a long training duration to get accurate results. To ease this burden, the customer can instead provide large amounts of unlabeled data for a continued pretraining job. This job will adapt the Amazon Titan base model to the new domain. Then the customer may fine-tune the newly pretrained custom model to downstream tasks, using significantly fewer labeled training records and with a shorter training duration. 

How does the continued pretraining feature relate to other AWS services?
Amazon Bedrock continued pretraining and fine-tuning have very similar requirements. For this reason, we are choosing to create unified APIs that support both continued pretraining and fine-tuning. Unification of the APIs reduces the learning curve and will help customers use standard features such as Amazon EventBridge to track long running jobs, Amazon S3 integration for fetching training data, resource tags, and model encryption. 

How do I use continued pre-training?
Continued pretraining helps you adapt the Amazon Titan models to your domain specific data while still preserving the base functionality of the Amazon Titan models. To create a continued pretraining job, navigate to the Amazon Bedrock console and click on "Custom Models." You will navigate to the custom model page that has two tabs: Models and Training jobs. Both tabs provide a “Customize Model” drop-down menu on the right. Select “Continued Pretraining” from the drop-down menu to navigate to “Create Continued Pretraining Job." You will provide the source model, name, model encryption, input data, hyper-parameters and output data. Additionally, you can provide tags, along with details about AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) roles and resource policies for the job.

Amazon Titan

What are Amazon Titan models?
Exclusive to Amazon Bedrock, the Amazon Titan family of models incorporates 25 years of Amazon experience innovating with AI and machine learning across the business. Amazon Titan FMs provide customers with a breadth of high-performing image, multimodal, and text model choices through a fully managed API. Amazon Titan models are created by AWS and pretrained on large datasets, making them powerful, general-purpose models built to support a variety of use cases, while also supporting the responsible use of AI. Use them as is or privately customize them with your own data. Learn more about Amazon Titan.

Where can I learn more about the data processed to develop and train Amazon Titan FMs?
To learn more about data processed to develop and train Amazon Titan FMs, visit Amazon Titan Model Training and Privacy page.

Retrieval augmented generation (RAG)

What types of data formats are accepted by Amazon Bedrock Knowledge Bases?
Supported data formats include .pdf, .txt, .md, .html, .doc and .docx, .csv, .xls, and .xlsx files. Files must be uploaded to Amazon S3. Point to the location of your data in Amazon S3, and Amazon Bedrock Knowledge Bases takes care of the entire ingestion workflow into your vector database.

How does Amazon Bedrock Knowledge Bases chunk the documents before converting those chunks to embeddings?
Amazon Bedrock Knowledge Bases provides three options to chunk text before converting it to embeddings. 

1.  Default option: Amazon Bedrock Knowledge Bases automatically splits your document into chunks each containing 200 tokens, ensuring that a sentence is not broken in the middle. If a document contains less than 200 tokens, then it is not split any further. An overlap of 20% of tokens is maintained between two consecutive chunks.

2.  Fixed size chunking: In this option, you can specify the maximum number of tokens per chunk and the overlap percentage between chunks for Amazon Bedrock Knowledge Bases, so your document will be automatically split into chunks, ensuring that a sentence is not broken in the middle. 

3.  Create one embedding per document option: Amazon Bedrock creates one embedding per document. This option is suitable if you have preprocessed your documents by splitting them into separate files and do not want Amazon Bedrock to further chunk your documents.

Which embeddings model is used to convert documents into embeddings (vectors)?
At present, Amazon Bedrock Knowledge Bases uses the latest version of the Amazon Titan Text Embeddings model available in Amazon Bedrock. Titan Text Embeddings V2 model supports 8K tokens and 100+ languages and creates an embeddings of flexible 256, 512, and 1,024 dimension size. 

Which vector databases are supported by Amazon Bedrock Knowledge Bases?
Amazon Bedrock Knowledge Bases takes care of the entire ingestion workflow of converting your documents into embeddings (vector) and storing the embeddings in a specialized vector database.  Amazon Bedrock Knowledge Bases supports popular databases for vector storage, including vector engine for Amazon OpenSearch Serverless, Pinecone, Redis Enterprise Cloud, Amazon Aurora (coming soon), and MongoDB (coming soon). If you do not have an existing vector database, Amazon Bedrock creates an OpenSearch Serverless vector store for you.

Is it possible to do a periodic or event-driven sync from Amazon S3 to Amazon Bedrock Knowledge Bases?
Depending on your use case, you can use Amazon EventBridge to create a periodic or event-driven sync between Amazon S3 and Amazon Bedrock Knowledge Bases.

Model evaluation

What is Model Evaluation on Amazon Bedrock?
Model Evaluation on Amazon Bedrock allows you to evaluate, compare, and select the best FM for your use case in just a few short steps. Amazon Bedrock offers a choice of automatic evaluation and human evaluation. You can use automatic evaluation with predefined metrics such as accuracy, robustness, and toxicity. You can use human evaluation workflows for subjective or custom metrics such as friendliness, style, and alignment to brand voice. For human evaluation, you can use your in-house employees or an AWS-managed team as reviewers. Model Evaluation on Amazon Bedrock provides built-in curated datasets or you can bring your own datasets.

Against what metrics can I evaluate FMs?
You can evaluate variety of predefined metrics such as accuracy, robustness, and toxicity using automatic evaluations. You can also use human evaluation workflows for subjective or custom metrics, such as friendliness, relevance, style, and alignment to brand voice.

What is the difference between human-based and automatic evaluations?
Automatic evaluations allow you to quickly narrow down the list of available FMs against standard criteria (such as accuracy, toxicity and robustness). Human-based evaluations are often used to evaluate more nuanced or subjective criteria that require human judgment and where automatic evaluations might not exist (such as brand voice, creative intent, friendliness).

How does automatic evaluation work?
You can quickly evaluate Amazon Bedrock models for metrics such as accuracy, robustness, and toxicity by using curated built-in data sets or by bringing your own prompt datasets. After your prompt datasets are sent to Amazon Bedrock models for inference, the model responses are scored with evaluation algorithms for each dimension. The backend engine aggregates individual prompt response scores into summary scores and presents them through easy-to-understand visual reports.

How does human evaluation work?
Amazon Bedrock allows you to set up human review workflows in a few short steps and bring your in-house employees, or use an expert team managed by AWS, to evaluate models. Through Amazon Bedrock’s intuitive interface, humans can review and give feedback on model responses by clicking thumbs up or down, rating on a scale of 1-5, choosing the best of multiple responses, or ranking prompts. For example, a team member can be shown how two models respond to the same prompt, and then be asked to select the model that shows more accurate, relevant, or stylistic outputs. You can specify the evaluation criteria that matter to you by customizing the instructions and buttons to appear on the evaluation UI for your team. You can also provide detailed instructions with examples and the overall goal of model evaluation, so users can align their work accordingly. This method is useful to evaluate subjective criteria that require human judgement or more nuanced subject matter expertise and that cannot be easily judged by automatic evaluations.

Responsible AI

What are Amazon Bedrock Guardrails?
Amazon Bedrock Guardrails help you implement safeguards for your generative AI applications based on your use cases and responsible AI policies. Guardrails helps control the interaction between users and FMs by filtering undesirable and harmful content and will soon redact personally identifiable information (PII), enhancing content safety and privacy in generative AI applications. You can create multiple guardrails with different configurations tailored to specific use cases. Additionally, with the guardrails you can continually monitor and analyze user inputs and FM responses that might violate customer-defined policies.

What are the safeguards available in Amazon Bedrock Guardrails?
Guardrails help you to define a set of policies to help safeguard your generative AI applications. You can configure the following policies in a guardrail.

Denied topics: help you define a set of topics that are undesirable in the context of your application. For example, an online banking assistant can be designed to refrain from providing investment advice.
Content filters: help you configure thresholds to filter harmful content across hate, insults, sexual, and violence categories.
Word filters: help you define a set of words to block in user inputs and FM–generated responses.
PII redaction: helps you select a set of PII that can be redacted in FM–generated responses. Based on the use case, Guardrails can also help you block a user input if it contains PII.
Contextual grounding checks: help detect and filter hallucinations if the responses are not grounded (e.g., factually inaccurate or new information) in the source information and irrelevant to user’s query or instruction.
Can I use guardrails with all available FMs and tools on Amazon Bedrock?
Guardrails can be used with all large language models (LLMs) available on Amazon Bedrock. It can also be used with fine-tuned FMs as well as Agents for Amazon Bedrock.

Does AWS offer an intellectual property indemnity covering copyright claims for its generative AI services?
AWS offers an uncapped intellectual property (IP) indemnity for copyright claims arising from generative output of the following generally available Amazon generative AI services: Amazon Titan models, Amazon CodeWhisperer Professional, and other services listed in Section 50.10 of the Service Terms (the “Indemnified Generative AI Services”). This means that customers are protected from third-party claims alleging copyright infringement by the output generated by the Indemnified Generative AI Services in response to inputs or other data provided by the customer. Customers must also use the services responsibly, such as not inputting infringing data or disabling a service’s filtering features.

In addition, our standard IP indemnity for use of the services protects customers from third-party claims alleging IP infringement (including copyright claims) by the services and the data used to train them.

Do you have a list of off-the-shelf (built-in) guardrails, and what can be customized?
There are five guardrail policies each with different off-the-shelf protections

Content filters – This has 6 off the shelf categories (hate, insults, sexual, violence, misconduct (incl. criminal activity) and prompt attack (jailbreak and prompt injection. Each category can have further customized thresholds in terms of aggressiveness of filtering - low/medium/high.
Denied topic – These are customized topics that customers can define using simple natural language description
Sensitive information filter – These come with 30+ off the shelf PIIs. It can be further customized by adding customer’s proprietary information that are sensitive.
Word filters – It comes with off the shelf profanity filtering and can be further customized with custom words.
Contextual grounding checks – It can help detect hallucinations for RAG, summarization, and conversational applications, where source information can be used as reference to validate the model response.
Do default guardrails automatically detect social security numbers or phone numbers?
Foundations model have native safeguards and they are the default protections associated with each model. These native safeguards are NOT part of Amazon Bedrock Guardrails. Amazon Bedrock Guardrails is an added layer of customized safeguards that can be optionally applied by the customer based on their application requirements and responsible AI policies.


As part of Amazon Bedrock Guardrails, SSN and phone number detection are part of the 30+ off the shelf PIIs. Full list here.

Is there a separate cost for customers to build custom Amazon Bedrock Guardrails? And it is applied to both the input and output?
There is a separate cost for using Amazon Bedrock Guardrails. It can be applied for both input and output. Pricing at the bottom of the page here.

Are customers able to run automated tests on the effectiveness of the Guardrails they set? Is there a “test case builder” (the journalist’s terminology) for ongoing monitoring?
Yes, Amazon Bedrock Guardrail APIs help customers run automated tests. “Test case builder” maybe something you want to use prior to deploying guardrails in production. There is no native test case builder yet. For ongoing monitoring of production traffic, guardrails help provide detailed logs of all violation for each input and output, so that customers can granularly monitor each and every input coming and going out of their gen AI application. These logs can be stored in CloudWatch or S3 and can be used to create custom dashboards based on customers’ requirements.


Amazon Bedrock Documentation
Amazon Bedrock is a fully managed service that offers a choice of foundation models (FMs) from AI companies like AI21 Labs, Anthropic, Cohere, Meta, Mistral AI, Stability AI, and Amazon via a single API, along with a broad set of capabilities you need to build generative AI applications with security, privacy, and responsible AI. Using Amazon Bedrock, you can experiment with and evaluate top FMs for your use case, privately customize them with your data using techniques such as fine-tuning and Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG), and build agents that execute tasks using your enterprise systems and data sources. Since Amazon Bedrock is serverless, you don't have to manage any infrastructure, and you can integrate and deploy generative AI capabilities into your applications using the AWS services you are already familiar with.

Agents for Amazon Bedrock
Prompt creation
Agents for Amazon Bedrock creates a prompt from the developer-provided instructions, API details needed to complete the tasks, and company data source details from knowledge bases.

Retrieval augmented generation
Agents for Amazon Bedrock is designed to securely connect to your company’s data sources, convert data into numerical representations, and augment the user request with the right information to generate a response.

Orchestrate and execute multistep tasks
Customers can create an agent in Amazon Bedrock in just a few clicks, accelerating the time it takes to build generative AI capabilities into applications. Customers first select their desired model and write a few instructions in natural language. Agents orchestrate and analyze the task and break it down into the correct logical sequence using the FM’s reasoning abilities. Agents call the necessary APIs to transact with the company systems and processes to fulfill the request, determining along the way if they can proceed or if they need to gather more information. 

Trace through the Chain of Thought (CoT) reasoning
You can step through the agent's reasoning and orchestration plan with the trace capability. With these insights, you can troubleshoot different orchestration issues to steer the model towards the desired behavior for a better user experience. Moreover, you can review the steps and adjust the instructions as you iterate on the application. With visibility into the model's reasoning, you can create differentiated applications faster.

Prompt engineering
Agents for Amazon Bedrock creates a prompt template from the user instructions, action group, and knowledge bases. You can use this template as a baseline to further refine the generated prompt template to enhance the user experience. You can also update the user input, orchestration plan, and the FM response. Lastly, with the ability to modify the prompt template, you can gain better control over the agent orchestration.

Amazon Bedrock Developer Experience
Choose from leading FMs
Amazon Bedrock makes building with a range of FMs as easy as an API call. Amazon Bedrock provides access to leading models including AI21 Labs' Jurassic, Anthropic's Claude, Cohere's Command and Embed, Meta's Llama 2, and Stability AI's Stable Diffusion, as well as our own Amazon Titan models. With Amazon Bedrock, you can select the FM that is best suited for your use case and application requirements.

Experiment with FMs for different tasks
You can experiment with different FMs using interactive playgrounds for various modalities including text, chat, and image. The playgrounds allow you to try out various models for your use case to get a feel for the model’s suitability for a given task.

Evaluate FMs to select the best one for your use case
Model Evaluation on Amazon Bedrock allows you to use automatic and human evaluations to select FMs for a specific use case. Automatic model evaluation uses curated datasets and provides pre-defined metrics including accuracy, robustness, and toxicity. For subjective metrics, you can use Amazon Bedrock to set up a human evaluation workflow with a few clicks. With human evaluations, you can bring your own datasets and define custom metrics, such as relevance, style, and alignment to brand voice. Human evaluation workflows can leverage your own employees as reviewers or you can engage an AWS-managed team to perform the human evaluation, where AWS hires skilled evaluators and manages the end-to-end workflow on your behalf.

Privately customize FMs with your data
With a few clicks, Amazon Bedrock lets you go from generic models to ones that are specialized and customized for your business and use case. You can use a technique called fine-tuning to adapt an FM for a specific task. Simply point to a few labeled examples in an Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3) bucket, and Amazon Bedrock makes a copy of the base model, trains it with your data, and creates a fine-tuned model accessible only to you, so you get customized responses. Fine-tuning is available for Command, Llama 2, Titan Text Lite and Express, Titan Image Generator, and Titan Multimodal Embeddings models. You can also adapt Titan Text Lite and Express FMs in Amazon Bedrock with continued pre-training, a technique that uses your unlabeled datasets to customize the FM for your domain or industry. With both fine-tuning and continued pre-training, Amazon Bedrock creates a private, customized copy of the base FM for you. Your data is not used to train the original base models. Your data used to customize models is designed to be securely transferred through your Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (VPC).

Single API
Use a single API to perform inference, regardless of the model you choose. Having a single API provides the flexibility to use different models from different model providers and keep up-to-date with the latest model versions with minimal code changes.

Guardrails for Amazon Bedrock
Bring consistent level of AI safety across all your applications
Guardrails for Amazon Bedrock evaluates user inputs and FM responses based on use case specific policies, and provides an additional layer of safeguards regardless of the underlying FM. Guardrails can be applied across FMs, including Anthropic Claude, Meta Llama 2, Cohere Command, AI21 Labs Jurassic, and Amazon Titan Text, as well as fine-tuned models. Customers can create multiple guardrails, each configured with a different combination of controls, and use these guardrails across different applications and use cases. Guardrails can also be integrated with Agents for Amazon Bedrock to build generative AI applications aligned with your responsible AI policies.

Block undesirable topics in your generative AI applications
Organizations recognize the need to manage interactions within generative AI applications for a relevant and safe user experience. They want to further customize interactions to remain on topics relevant to their business, and align with company policies. Using a short natural language description, Guardrails for Amazon Bedrock allows you to define a set of topics to avoid within the context of your application. Guardrails detects and blocks user inputs and FM responses that fall into the restricted topics.

Filter harmful content based on your responsible AI policies
Guardrails for Amazon Bedrock provides content filters with configurable thresholds to filter harmful content across hate, insults, sexual, and violence categories. Most FMs already provide built-in protections to prevent the generation of harmful responses. In addition to these protections, Guardrails lets you configure thresholds across the different categories to filter out harmful interactions. Guardrails automatically evaluate both user queries and FM responses to detect and help prevent content that falls into restricted categories.

Redact PII to protect user privacy
Guardrails for Amazon Bedrock allows you to detect Personally Identifiable Information (PII) in user inputs and FM responses. Based on the use case, you can selectively reject inputs containing PII or redact PII in FM responses.

Knowledge Bases for Amazon Bedrock
Managed support for end-to-end RAG workflow
To equip FMs with up-to-date and proprietary information, organizations use Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG), a technique that fetches data from company data sources and enriches the prompt to provide more relevant and accurate responses. Knowledge Bases for Amazon Bedrock is a fully managed capability that helps you implement the entire RAG workflow from ingestion to retrieval and prompt augmentation without having to build custom integrations to data sources and manage data flows. Session context management is built in, so your app can readily support multi-turn conversations.

Connect FMs and agents to data sources
Point to the location of your data in Amazon S3, and Knowledge Bases for Amazon Bedrock fetches the documents, divides them into blocks of text, converts the text into embeddings, and stores the embeddings in your vector database. If you do not have an existing vector database, Amazon Bedrock creates an Amazon OpenSearch Serverless vector store for you. You can also specify an existing vector store in one of the supported databases, including Amazon OpenSearch Serverless, Pinecone, and Redis Enterprise Cloud, with support for Amazon Aurora and MongoDB coming soon.

Easily retrieve relevant data and augment prompts
You can use the Retrieve API to fetch relevant results for a user query from knowledge bases. The RetrieveAndGenerate API uses the retrieved results to augment the FM prompt and return the response. You can also add knowledge bases to Agents for Amazon Bedrock to provide contextual information to agents.

Provide source attribution
All the information retrieved from Knowledge Bases for Amazon Bedrock is provided with citations to improve transparency and minimize hallucinations.

Amazon Bedrock Privacy and Security
Secure your generative AI applications
With Amazon Bedrock, you have full control over the data you use to customize the FMs for your generative AI applications. Your data is encrypted in transit and at rest. Additionally, you can create, manage, and control encryption keys using the AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS). Identity-based policies provide further control over your data, helping you manage what actions users and roles can perform, on which resources, and under what conditions.

Build with comprehensive data protection and privacy
Amazon Bedrock helps ensure that your data stays under your control. Customer inputs provided to and outputs generated from FMs on Amazon Bedrock are not shared with third-party model providers, and are not used to train or improve the base FMs. When you fine-tune an FM on Amazon Bedrock, we base it on a private copy of that model. You can use AWS PrivateLink to establish private connectivity from your Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) to Amazon Bedrock, without having to expose your VPC to internet traffic.

Implement governance, and auditability
Amazon Bedrock offers monitoring and logging capabilities that can support your governance and audit requirements. You can use Amazon CloudWatch to track usage metrics and build customized dashboards with metrics that can be used for your audit purposes. You can also use AWS CloudTrail to monitor API activity and troubleshoot issues as you integrate other systems into your generative AI applications. You can also choose to store the metadata, requests, and responses in your Amazon S3 bucket, as well as to Amazon CloudWatch Logs. Finally, to prevent potential misuse, Amazon Bedrock implements automated abuse detection mechanisms.

Additional Information
For additional information about service controls, security features and functionalities, including, as applicable, information about storing, retrieving, modifying, restricting, and deleting data, please see https://docs.aws.amazon.com/index.html. This information does not form part of the Documentation for purposes of the AWS Customer Agreement available at https://aws.amazon.com/agreement/, or other agreement between you and AWS governing your use of AWS’s services.



